{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red249\green251\blue250;\red26\green26\blue26;\red26\green26\blue26;
\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18360\viewh14440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 FEATURES
\b0 : Responsive design, bootstrap framework, jQuery\

\b PAGES:
\b0  login, index, form, general, index, login, portlets, tables, and search\

\b \

\b0 ===============================================================\

\b \
ICONS
\b0 \
- go to this page :  {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/cheatsheet/"}}{\fldrslt https://fortawesome.github.io/Font-Awesome/cheatsheet/}}\
find an icon to use\
insert the following code into page  :  <i class="fa fa-wrench"></i> \
Replacing \'93fa-wrench\'94  with the icon of choice from link above.  \
if you omit an fa or the dash, icons will not display. \
\

\b BOOTSTRAP COLUMNS
\b0 \
bootstrap foundation is a grid or table consisting of 12 columns. \
each row can have up to 12 columns. \
\
col-md-12 = full width column - spanning entire row width\
col-md-1 = 1/12 of column - you can have 12 items in one row\
col-md-3 = 1/4 of column - you can have 3 items in one row\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
col-md-4 = 1/3 of column - you can have 4 items in one row\
col-md-6 = 1/2 of column - you can have 2 items in one row\
\
you can also do combos - anything adding up to 12 can be in one row. \
\
col-md-6 + col-md-3 + col-md-3\
col-md-9 + col-md-3\
col-md-5 + col-md-3 +col-md-3\
etc\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 ===============================================================\
\cf0 \

\b TABLES
\b0 \
Bottom table - \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Table w Search, Sort, and Pagination\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
search filters  data in table\
column arrow icons sort column data ascending and descending\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 ===============================================================\cf0 \
\

\b COLORS
\b0 \
Colors can be applied to many items (i tried to provide a variety of examples).  The color gets applied as a class.  Example <div class=mydivitem red\'94></div> .  The following colors are your options. \
\
red\
purple	\
yellow	\
orange\
green	\
grey \
dark-grey\
light-grey\
blue\
dark-blue\
light-blue\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 ===============================================================\
\cf0 \

\b ALERTS, LABELS,  BADGES
\b0 \
See below for a list of items and traditionally used icons.  These already have an assigned color, so there is no need to add a color class.  \
\
Alerts =  big content boxes.  \
Labels = smaller button type boxes.\
Badges = small round or square. typically used for an con or a #\
\
Success\
ALERT:	class="alert alert-success"\
LABEL :	\cf0 class="
\fs22 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
label label-sucess\'94
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
BADGE:	
\fs22 \cf4 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 class\cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 ="\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 badge badge-success\cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 "
\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cf0 ICON: 	class="fa fa-check\
\cf0 \
\cf0 warning\
ALERT:	class="alert alert-
\fs22 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
warning
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 "\
LABEL :	class="
\fs22 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
label label-warning\'94
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
BADGE:	
\fs22 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
class="badge badge-\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
warning\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
"
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
ICON: 	class="fa fa-warning\cf0 \
\
\cf0 info\
ALERT:	class="alert alert-info\'94\
LABEL :	class="
\fs22 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
label label-
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 info
\fs22 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'94
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
BADGE:	
\fs22 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
class="badge badge-
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 info
\fs22 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
"
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
ICON: 	class="fa fa-
\fs22 \cf4 \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 info-circle
\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\cf0 \
\cf0 danger\
ALERT:	class="alert alert-danger\'94\
LABEL :	class="
\fs22 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
label label-danger\'94
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
BADGE:	
\fs22 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
class="badge badge-danger\'94
\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
ICON: 	class="fa fa-remove\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 ===============================================================\

\b \cf0 \
RESPONSIVE
\b0 \
to view responsive, simply shrink your window.  The menu becomes a toggled menu, the content stacks RTL. \
\
\
\
\
\
}